Minutes tech lead call 24 October 2023 (#131)
ESMValGroup/Community: Tech Lead/Minutes/20231024.md

    - Saskia Sloosveldt [@sloosvel](https://github.com/sloosvel)
    - Valeriu Predoi [@valeriupredoi](https://github.com/valeriupredoi)
    - Manuel Schlund [@schlunma](https://github.com/schlunma)
    - Emma Hogan [ehogan](https://github.com/ehogan)

## Pending Action Items

| Meeting | Assignees | Item | Status |
|-|-|-|-|
|2023.07|@ehogan|KGO recording solutions|See [ESMValTool: discussion: #3247](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/discussions/3247) for the latest news|
|2023.07|@bouweandela, @remi-kazeroni|Asking the community to check the output once for all| @ehogan: see [ESMValTool: discussion: #3247](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/discussions/3247) for some additional thoughts on this|
|2023.07|@valeriupredoi|Shared gmail account to handle to Zenodo credentials|pending|
|2023.09|@schlunma|Talk about ERA5|pending|

## Topics Discussed

- @zklaus: release situation for 2.10
  - things are a bit more difficult this time round (new names for obs4MIPS, changes to recipe handling) - @bouweandela fixed a couple issues; further help is needed
  - Some files are not found in the ``download`` directory if the ESGF node where the data is from is down

>   - @bouweandela (and us) agrees we should get the ESMValCore relase candidate out anyway - we'll test all recipes when CEDA comes bac online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - @bouweandela (and us) agrees we should get the ESMValCore release candidate out anyway - we'll test all recipes when CEDA comes back online
```

  - PRs to change obs4MIPS name changes (by Romain) - @bouweandela mentions we should merge them to get the data finding to be using modern names
  - a couple bottom lines: we'll test everything that don't need CEDA, and we'll get Core RC out
- @bouweandela: ESMValBot and the VM (former: Remi): we need one maintainer for these: V @valeriupredoi volunteers, Bouwe will meet V at some point talk about it;

> - Mambafore: we'll stick with it for now, until major problems appaear (if any)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mambafore: we'll stick with it for now, until major problems appear (if any)
```

Author: haa! You missed one too Mambafore -> Mambaforge :rofl:
